Over the last 8+ years I have built and rebuilt my own personal gaming computer a number of times. I have aslo swapped out just about every piece of hardware in favor of upgrades. This will be a summary of the original build, the thought process behind part selection, and the build process. This will also summarize the build over the years.

Original build - January 2018
  CPU - AMD Ryzen 3 1200
  GPU - NVIDIA GTX 1050ti 4gb
  MOBO - AM4 micro-atx Motherboard (can't remember brand)
  RAM - 16gb Corsair 3200mhz
  PSU- 500w Corsair 80+ Bronze
  This was my first build. Put together with my first few paychecks and a little help from my parents buying some of it on my birthday. I had a lot of friends who had PCs and I wanted my own. I watched a bunch of videos from various PC content creators. I landed on this budget gaming build after a couple monmths of deliberation. This let us budget to just around $500.
We wanted to find a balance between budget and power. Based on reddit threads, advice from friends, and youtube videos, We found this build, slapped it into a $15 mid size tower off amazon, and it got me through my first year of college and my first year of having a full time job and full time school.
  I built the PC watching a Linus Tech Tips video titled something like "How to Build Your First PC." My dad saved me from almost breaking my motherbaord and/or shorting it as the standoffs were not installed and I initially tried to screw it straight into the case. Lesson learned. 
Eventually I got the build together. and plugged it into our living room TV and it sprang to life for the first time. Complete and Utter joy in my newfound capabilities. The PC world was mine.

Upgrades - I will list out the upgrades and their reasonings over the years.

GPU Upgrade - June 2019
  GPU - ASUS Radeon RX 570 8gb
  I found my main bottleneck after a little over a year of consistent use was the graphics card. I simply wanted to be able to play games at a stable framerate with settings being able to go higher than Low quality. This upgrade did plenty for that and showed me I could easily swap parts and taught me the process of keeping up-to-date drivers.

CPU Upgrade - January 2020
  CPU - AMD Ryzen 7 2700
  I learned through some research and stress testing that my CPU was the main bottleneck in the build. I had to RMA the first CPU that arrived when ordeirng this part due to bent pins. The storefront I ordered from was reluctant and pushed blame to me but I persisted and displayed evodemce of the damage being there before I even broke the seal on the box.
Eventuaslly got a replacement and it worked wonders in speeding up the PC overall and getting to a more stable and consistent FPS in games. I strived for this as I was getting into a competitive shooter where every frame counted.

GPU Upgrade - Late 2020
  GPU - NVIDIA RTX 2060 6gb
  I can't find the reciepts for this. I know I got it after the CPU upgrade. This was a siginificant jump from the 1050ti. It allowed for a huge increase in graphics quality and kept me at a stable frame rate on mid-high settings.

CPU + MOBO Upgrade - February 2021
  CPU - AMD Ryzen 5 3600
  MOBO - ASRock A320M AM4 micro-atx
  Eventually I learned that when I tried to install the last CPU (prior to the RMA), I messed up some of the connection points on the original motherbaord and it was frying itself along with the CPU, causing crashes. I decided to hop on a CPU+MOBO package deal and got another AM4 motherboard at a similar spec with a slight upgrade in clock speed on the CPU.
This helped me get to a slightly better build overall and a significantly more stable build.

Power Supply Upgrade - July 2021
  PSU- Superflower LEADEX 850w 80+ Gold
  I had entered a raffle for the chance to purchase a GPU as the pandemic along with crypto mining caused huge spikes in GPU prices and availability. Shortly after getting my name pulled to purhcase a GPU, I purchased this power supply to make sure I not only had the wattage required for the new buiid, but also a more stable build with the new 80+ Gold rating.

GPU Upgrade
  GPU - ASUS
